General's Lady
The wind speaks with your tone
Talking about the rain falling in the rain
I pause in the dream
Counting the years of memory
Waiting for the passionate love
I'd trade a lifetime of prosperity for a life of suffering
Drink a bottle of wine and seat up the story
Love is the residual warmth of the world
The flowers bloom and fall leaving traces behind
Keep the innocence in the passing years
Only for you
Love is the first spring in the wilderness
Quietly open my heart
No matter what happens
I'll always be loyal to you
The palm print in the hand
It messes with the thoughts
The endless gaze
In every morning and evening
Finding peace amidst the chaos
Happiness and sadness, even If it's only for a moment
Leave it to the moon and tell the story
Love is the residual warmth of the world
The flowers bloom and fall leaving trace behind
Keep the innocence in the passing years
Only for you
Love is the first spring in the wilderness
Quietly open my heart
No matter what happens
I'll always be loyal to you
Love is the residual warmth of the world
The flowers bloom and fall leaving traces behind
Keep the innocence in the passing years
Only for you
Love is the first spring in the wilderness
Quietly open my heart
No matter what happens
I'll always be loyal to you